# Project JAST - Meeting Minutes for October 4, 2025

---

## Key Discussion Points

### Meeting Logistics

* **Meeting Frequency:** The team discussed the need for weekly meetings. A final decision on the **meeting cadence** requires further input.

### Project Deliverables

* **Video Walkthrough:** **Thom** will be responsible for creating the project's **video walkthrough**.
* **Data Flow Responsibilities:**
    * The project's three data flow levels (Level 0, Level 1, and Level 2) will be divided among **Austin**, **Stuart**, and **Justin**.
    * **Thom** will assign the levels unless a team member expresses a preference.
* **Prototype Collaboration:** The team will begin working together on the **prototype** and will revisit a discussion of its status at a later meeting.

### Leadership & External Communication

* **Leadership & Documentation:** **Thom** will handle project leadership duties and ensure all required **documentation** is completed.
* **Professor Communication:** **Thom** will speak with the professor to clarify expectations, specifically regarding **Python usage**.

### Technology & Feedback

* **Technology Stack:**
    * The project will be developed in **Python** using template-based packets.
    * Minimal use of **HTML and CSS** is expected.
* **Feedback & Context Diagram:** Team feedback was requested, and the need for a **context diagram** was identified.

---

## Next Meeting

* **Date & Time:** Sunday, October 12 at 3:30 PM